time we want to bring you a live event
live from Tel Aviv this is the US
senator lindsy grah who's speaking in
Tel Aviv today along with other US
senators who are visiting let's listen
in my ability to explain what does mean
in English
Isis I've seen a lot traveling the world
with my friends and my late friend John
mck I have never seen anything like
this in my
life how does this s Israel thrives they
survived Hamas is destroyed the
Palestinian people had
better that's how this as
went so we're here today to give Israel
what they need to do the job of
destroying the modern day version of
nazzis Hamas we're here today to tell
Iran we're watching
you if this war brow come into your
backyard there won't be two fronts
that'll be
three there's an effort to unleash
Hezbollah on the Jewish state to destroy
it my attention will be to teron these
innocent hostages get
slaughtered I hold you Iran accountable
because you could stop
CH the idea that this happened without
AR involvement
La 93% of the budget over decades the
training the equipment all coming from
the
I I come here to let Israel know that
America will be with
you I come here to be with you I come
here to let the Arab world
know let's make peace if we
can destroying Hamas Is
non-negotiable How We Do It let's
talk what is
winning for the terrorist organization
to be
destroyed for the people of Israel to
have a sense of Peace they've
lost for the Palestinian people to have
hope they don't
have and for the Arabs and the Israelis
to end a conflict that would make the
world better why US senator Lindsey
Graham there speaking in Tel Aviv as he
visits along with other US senators uh
this visit is being described as one to
show support for Israel lindsy Graham
saying there that we've come to let the
Arab world know let's make peace
together if we can but he also said
we're here to tell Iran we're watching
you so again US senator is visiting Tel
Aviv today in a show of support to
Israel